Updating kubecarrier-logo and kubeone-architecture image (#665)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/guides/installation/install_kkp_CE/_index.en.md

  combined.
* A `kubermatic.yaml` that configures KKP itself and is an instance of the
  [KubermaticConfiguration]({{< ref "." >}}) CRD. This configuration will
  be stored in the cluster and serves as the basis for the Kubermatic Operator to manage the actual KKP installation.

The release archive hosted on GitHub contains examples for both of the configuration files (`values.example.yaml` and
`kubermatic.example.yaml`). It's a good idea to take them as a starting point and add more options as necessary.

The key items to configure are:

* The base domain under which KKP shall be accessible (e.g. `kubermatic.example.com`).
* The certificate issuer: KKP requires that its dashboard and Dex are only accessible via HTTPS, so a
  certificate is required. By default cert-manager is used, but you have to choose between the production or
  staging Let's Encrypt services (if in doubt, choose the production server).
  It is possible to use a custom CA (i.e. self-signed certificates), but this is outside of the scope of this
  document.
* For proper authentication, shared secrets must be configured between Dex and KKP. Likewise, Dex uses

>   yet another random secret to encrypt cookiesstored in the users' browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  yet another random secret to encrypt cookies stored in the users' browsers.
```
